IDEAS

    Article about options for networking a game, following "Network Trends" presentation from Remedy.

    FPS network model from the ground up, following "FPS Deep Dive" presentation from Remedy, but with source code and worked examples of all concepts built on top of libyojimbo. This would be a whole article series.

    Article on smallest 3 representation that explores the set of smallest 3 representation in 32 bits, and stability of conversion in/out with floating point.

    Article exploring symplectic integrators for the equations of motion. Basically, a follow up to the RK4 article exploring symplectic integrators in more detail.

        ^--- I'd have to level up my mathematics considerably to be able to write this article.

    Article explaining what physics engines can do to make networked physics work better (especially, quantization).

    Network compression challenge part 2. With position, orientation (expanded 4) and linear and angular velocity. Don't publish my code initially. But publish my results as a challenge to beat. The trick will be that I have excellent prediction working already. Do this after I finish with Oculus and the sample code is public.

    IDEA:

        Multiple sponsors for FPS example code and article series

            1. Remedy (perfect fit, they will want it, however, $2500 sponsorship deal is low for the work by itself, so must rope in other sponsors)

            2. Unity (fits with their FPS "beautiful corner", but maybe not with their timeframe)

            3. Crystal Dynamics (fits with their longterm plan, but may be early, worth a pitch, Gary asked for that)

            4. Once an additional sponsor is locked in, inform Chris Roberts that I am now using his sponsorship to write this new article series. He will like it. No additional sponsorship from Roberts is required.

            5. Pitch Oculus, but it may be a stretch... what's the business case for Oculus for sponsoring this? But, on the flipside $2500 per-month is such a small cost, even for 6 months ($15k...), that the shared cost for the reward could be considered a good buy.

        Best case: 6X $2500 per-month = $12.5k + patreon support = ~$15k per-month.

        I would expect the article series would take 6 months to research and write the articles. Spread it out... not in my interest to do it quickly.

        I should aim for not quite having complete focus on the article writing and research either. It should be budgeted at 50% time.

        This is reasonable and will cover burn with some additional buffer, but is nothing to write home about, relative to other monthly amounts I can earn from work for hire.

        So it is perhaps prudent to pitch to Remedy that the $2500 is just a base retainer, and then additional for the article series, if I cannot distribute the cost. Also, the consulting portion must remain at a high rate. Need to also flesh out modifications to the libyojimbo and an hourly price for that. Suggest, shared cost 50/50, eg. $300 per-for consulting, while $150 per-hour for open source work on libyojimbo, due to "shared benefit".
